the next video arrives and by courtesy
of samsung and his book 8 a notebook
great quality should be a samsung
this week the activities began
that will lead us to the closure of the
year 2013 here in samsung league the best
plays we review them below
in number 5 we have a move of
javi and the power of his noises mainz in
a game to be after 2 is
advancing is advancing little by little but
he's doing it and look at those muta
ready they want to look for the attack by
back while the vélez and they are read
They are later at any time
could the sandwich come your safety ni
the sandwich and there it is then the
celestial are looking for reading where
is for you to take care of it more than sense
but they manage to connect for sure
all lopez played them but no longer has
absolutely nothing like that if you have enough
marin
I can not understand what just happened
that is to say harp and manages to control this of
the best possible way you are taking
is wimax against the philis and leaving him
this very tight to chivas and to be able
defend just many
as number 4 we are left with a large
play by eric of legends el chilean
fadi and a good one of those that did
before the royal padding guys go to
perhaps to defend and the
power to play again this the
It hindered everything I focused on everything
I told the war the death over and
let's say that the death of the
1 really jail does with death
from there too and we see that you are born here
can be the conditioning and I said with
that only the preserven hits you a lot
years of the card being done
as it hurts we see what it is to say abate
from jacques the dirt the death of that
in the day again uars he has to
go to the lake because de vélez made a
double murder
in the third place this mets the royal
Argentina champion who continues to use
blades is to make a filter
We believe that all the damage that can
nail their claws excellent last of
the shots to boot and the first
option has the team of china the
country got badly stopped very fire or more s
and west until now they have to
start pokerstars registered sale
welcome the last of cargo killed
for his partner I think that with losses with
the death
also triple murder
practically and the chile options
fech
in second place we have the gin rising
causing great damage on base of beijing
in the natural of yarleen links that
they have English right now and this
is the issue because those who did not stay
there saying obvious is little defense that
is taking out many that you are being in
this moment and now it's coming is not
up the couple this time but it's going
against the bunker to enter the line
mineral could do a lot of damage but not
say with the mind by the natural the
goods dancing a little we go for the
reactor go for it
if there are no Christians they are not being
harming civilians always if you
I could take this where the rest is
I do not know if I saw economic damage not so much
the 17 workers eliminated the
geniuses trying to endure but I think
that the damage has been quite a bit
of the player be I do not know if all the
necessary but rather soft
as number one we are left with texts
of royal for from in argentina who
awards a triple kill with tristana and
the extermination for the Chilean team and
in front also wait to leave
that part of the presentation
directly last say to be done
with the way
compared to the life of being has to
jump to heaven
again for
for the triple to dexter the past to
all the members of where is also
let's say the actor of 33 500 also
inhibitor
finally we are left with the error of
jean racine that followed by a massacre
from sharpeville experiences the road to
triumph
unlike more
because now we want to say
of absolutely everything and I think it ensures
your album is easy and yamaris there is no
Marin will be this firmer this
departure
coord, there are no marines to depend on
the few changes and in the gym rising
remember that our
closing season for that you should
participate in the samba and
participate with your friends remembering
as long as shared life is more
together with movistar